
Customer can deposit money to FD account and can specify the term or duration of the FD.

A Customer can have more than one FD accounts as well. FD account no.s will be linked to the customer-id.

Minimum FD balance is Rs.1000 and min deposit term is 12 months.

Customers can avail Loan from the bank:

Loan Account Number is auto generated on disbursal of a new loan.

Customer can specify the loan amount and the repayment term

A Customer can avail more than one loan from the bank. Loan account no. will be linked to the customer-id via savings account of that customer. Maximum Loan Amount eligible = 2 * balance in Savings account at the time of availing the loan.

Bank wants to maintain history of closed accounts i.e. which accounts have been closed on which dates. Bank admin can see this history.

Every customer has a customer-id and password to access his account.

When a new customer registers himself with the bank, a customer-id is auto generated by the bank and given to him.
Password needs to be set by the customer. It should be minimum 8 characters and can be any combination of numeric and alphabets.

Allow maximum 3 consecutive re-trials for unsuccessful login attempts.

Bank keeps following information of all customers to send regular updates

First and Last Name of customer

Address has following fields - Address Line 1, Line 2, City, State, Pincode. Pincode should be a 6 digit numeric and rest of the fields are strings.

Account no./s – Account no. is auto-generated by the bank on opening of a new account and is same as customer id.

Transactions (withdrawals & deposits) done by the customers on respective accounts

The admin should be able to extract reports on FD accounts in the bank

The admin should be able to extract reports on loans disbursed from the bank
